[Music]
let's talk about that what do you think how do you
see her as a partner on twitch well I
think she's adapting very well
especially now in tortilla I think in
tortilla she's doing especially
well the truth is we
were scared at first because it
's a game that I had never played
and such and it's a game that seems like it doesn't
but minecraft has its history it drives me
crazy you have to dedicate
yes yes more now it seems like it doesn't but but it
has its history and I think it's
adapted very well and lastly I think
that now it's living its best time
on tweet the truth what do you think of the many
people who give a lot of comments
a nice certain group of
people came forward more or less I see that they come from the
forum between stalkers and a little more but
well
and they start saying things like it's not that
you are who you are for now what would you
say to people I will tell them I would basically tell them
that
sara was given the same opportunity as
many of my colleagues, I mean
the room was offered exactly the
same thing as what momo does and well to
all of us who played among us
same opportunity some of them let's say they
took more advantage and others less but they have
n't been given more they have been given the same
opportunity for me among us at that
time it was a showcase choose those people
and you put them in a showcase and people
depend on the people have in their power the
fact of throwing I like I think that in
fact I think that water and the person
people to get to know her in didn't have on channel it
still takes a few months then to
open what in fact they saw them the
right place he spent several months playing
manga with me and my six colleagues
and no no extreme at living room speeds
to pass the time and people come to your
channel even a channel to a channel to your
channel and I already told him I say you know that
people
some are going to tell you have to go to
the girlfriend of such and such I say that this is
inevitable maybe there is the idea of ​​what it is to
say but the thing is that people are like that people
are inevitable there are people of the
same species in my opinion it has taken
too long if they have the
opportunity that they have someone who
can help you that the norm is like that I
see it the most logical thing in the world of
course I don't see anything wrong and more I don't
no  we are two of these people, how can I
say it, I don't want to say annoying,
but we are there together all day, we are
not annoying in that aspect, we are
very independent, in fact, I
stream and she is when she usually
starts, we always try to separate
things well so as not to overwhelm with which
no, no, I mean, very well, especially with
the last months of his career, he already knows
much better the one that gave him a lot of time at the
beginning because it seemed that he
gave more importance to the bad than to all the
good in him. I think that her debut,
the first right that he did, if
the most epic of any coach was born
that day and I said my goodness but oh
if there were a hundred and something thousand people it is
crazy that he carries with what he says
this is taboo that you still do not pay attention
200 thousand people and if not it was not
spectacular then yes everything made
the typical mistake that we have all made
which is to pay attention to the bad and the good that is why
you have life as you want to have it you are
with the person you want to be with you have
everything you want
what affects you what
Antoñito had 4-6 7-5 and what do you tell me  I don't know if they'll
change your life, I mean it won't change
anything at all if someone comes to you
with constructive criticism to
reflect on, but the type of people who
insult you are already envious people, people, people who have a
lot of hate that they need,
there are a lot of people who project their things,
their passions onto people, their
frustrations, correctives, people with me,
if I
got on
those nerves now, and before it would sting
a lot more, even on Twitter I would answer,
I would spend the whole day arguing
with someone, the best thing is that I would spend the whole
afternoon arguing with the same person,
now all this comes to someone, he's in such and
such or peteroa for ass, it's that I'm not going to
waste it, you're very busy, I can't waste
time on nonsense with all the good things he
has, it's clear that Antonio
thinks I'm an idiot,
okay Antonio
[Music]